what's going on guys im sue for everyone
today I'm gonna be talking about
wildlife in Just Cause free because we
do have some information about this they
have animals is something you will love
to see in just goes free like the video
right now or if you're someone who
doesn't really want to see any sort of
animals in this game simply because it
will tempt you to kill them and dislike
the video right now because I know a lot
of people that are dedicated having
animals and video games simply as it
does i guess encourage killing animals
but anyway little bit down below and
let's just jump right into the video now
with the official gameplay that was
revealed during e3 this year i saw few
people in the conversation below see how
they were disappointed about there being
no animals in the game but we're
actually wrong because there is in fact
going to be some wildlife in just cause
free now at this moment in time we don't
exactly know what saw a wildlife we are
going to get but they did save now going
to reveal a lot more closer to the
release date and now we know that just
goes free will be released in december
the first we are still quiet away from
the release so we're know when they're
closer to the release date i guess so i
wouldn't expect any information as off
like this month for anything like that
but in terms of sort of animals i think
we are going to get just by taking a
look at the map and all the scenery I
think there are gonna be quite a few
farm animals just by take a look at like
the haystacks and all that sort of stuff
it gives you that far me sort of feel so
I'm expected to see cows maybe horses
although I'm not sure if that's gonna
happen but just the basic farm animals
now in terms of other animals I do think
we are gonna get some sea creature
simply due to fee see I guess in the
game it is absolutely huge so it would
be a bit pointless if there was nothing
in there and there was I guess no danger
so maybe sharks are a killer whale which
would just be absolutely insane and
don't forget in just cause 2 I believe
there was a way or Easter egg as well as
so if that wasn't just go soon maybe if
they can actually put a moving wow into
Just Cause free now another really cool
animal that I think would fit well in
the game is actually a dog and the ice
I have is / I guess base you have your
own sort of dog and it just belongs to
like the rebels and stuff like that when
you go out it's like an option for them
just to tag along with you or something
like that but everyone turns a wildlife
I'm not expected to see a lot of them as
it does say some wildlife so just the
basics like birds as well as that does
count as wildlife but anyway I just want
to let you guys know because I know it
was a bit unclear so hopefully you now
know where I kind of the animals in this
game and we're fast it that about wraps
up the video subscribe if you guys
having it all ready for more Just Cause
free news and I'll catch you guys in the
next video but till then adios amigos